What if I remember correctly?
Someone just said
Brother Chu Cheng is really Long Shuai's words
It's not just about barking.
I also want to lick Brother Chu Cheng's shoes clean
When does it start?
My family is all relatives
My dad didn't let it go in the past
I said what the hell is this family that is short?
Those who have spoken are the same as those who have not spoken
You are so shameless
What wait a minute
Chu felt, he is not dew at all
He is fake
But Long Shao didn't talk so much nonsense just now
Don't believe yourself to watch the news
The real Long Shuai has gone to Beijing
Sticking to the frontier
On a business trip, if you are really Long Shuai?
Why are you still here?
It turns out that Long Shuai went to Beiqing
Vinegar Chen, you are really an impostor
Hahaha, what do I say?
Vinegar, you are a waste
How could it be possible to become Zhi and Long Shuai's
Long Shuai, you are still me
You are talking nonsense.
You also saw
Lord Long Ying just led Zheng's American Guard
I personally call Chu Chen brother Long Shuai
How could it be fake?
Yes, Feng Shao, Lord Long Ying came in person just now
That's because Chu Chen once read a sentence in Beijing
Lord Dragon Shadow is saved
So
Lord Long Ying looked at him as a comrade-in-arms
Tied him up once
Exactly.
I was fine at home before
Chu Chen put down his wild talk and keep your royal business
But now there is no taboo in letting go of the family property
Ask if Chu Chen is really a marshal
Wasn't the royal family already famous by Haichen?